ENTERTAIMENT 
Which American actor plays Willy Woka in 2005 Charlie and the Chocolate Factorty? - Johnny Depp 
What British character goes to a magic schoool called Hogwarts? - Harry Potter 
What country is Orlando Bloom from? - England 
How many seasons does the show FRIENDS have? - 10 
Who wrote the novel A Walk to Remember? - Nicholad Sparks 
Which American actor plays Selena in the Selena Movie? - JLo 
Who fors to school at Hogwarts? - Harry Potter 
What country is Avril Lavigne from? - Canada 
Who plays Iron Man? - Robert John Downey Jr

CELEBRITY COUNTRIES 
Barrack Obama - USA 
Lionel Andres Messi - Argentina 
Orlando Bloom - UK 
Arnold Schwarzenegger - Austria 
Robert John Downey Jr - USA 
George Lopez - Mexico 
Edward Jack Peter Westwich - UK 

CAPITAL CITIES 
USA - Washington DC 
Taiwan - Taipei 
Mexico - Mexico City 
Vietnam - Hanoi 
Colombia - Bogota 
Canada - Ottawa 
Guatemala - Guatemala City 
Spain - Madrid 
Argentina - Buenos Aires 

GEOGRAPHY 
Where can you see a kangaroo? - Australia 
Where is the Great Wall? - China 
Which continent is Egypt in? - Africa 
Which is the smallest prefecture in Japan? - Kagawa
Which country is Cairo in? - Egypt
What is the second largest country in the world? - Canada
Which country’s flag has red and white stripes and white stars in the top left corner? – U.S.A.
What is the world's biggest ocean? - The Pacific 
In which country is Mount Olympus? - Greece 
How many states are in the USA? - 50 
What is the world's biggest country? - Russia 

MUSIC 
She was the first person to win American Idol - Kelly Clarkson 
He sings the song Uptown Funk - Bruno Mars 
He is the king of Rock and Roll - Elvis Presley 
He won the award for Musician of the Century - Michael Jackson 
In 2015 who won Grammy Award for best album - Sam Smith 
This genre uses a lot of speaking instead of singing - rap 
This genre has a lot of violins - classical 
This genre uses computers frequently - electronica
This genre uses saxophones, trumpets, trombones, and a rhythm section - jazz
Who sing the song Radioactive -  Imagine Dragons 

BONUS 
How many keys are on a standard piano? - 88
What country has the second largest population in the world? - India
How many countries include English as an official language? - 54
Which is the longest mountain range in the world? - The Andes
Which is the deepest ocean in the world? - The Pacific 